<Surviving as the Weakest Maid in the World>
Prologue. This Must be an Obvious Error
[You have received an old broom. Begin the first quest.]
“Eh? A broom?”
As soon as the game started, what was given to me was not a sword, bow, wand, or magic book, but an ugly old broom.
Did someone say that solo players will be given a random 10-star character?
Was there any 10-star character whose weapon was a broom? Is this a new character? If it weren’t for the face reflected in the huge glass window, I would have been fooled into thinking it was a new 10-star character.
I entered not the body of a 10-star character, but Evelyn, a one-star maid who was the weakest character in the world.
Not just Evelyn, but ‘maid’ Evelyn.
Her soft, delicate pink hair was so thick that it looked puffy, and the color spread from the middle to the end was a deep red color as if it had been dyed with a rose flower.
In addition, she had large bright turquoise-blue eyes that looked like they had blue and green gems in them.
The high, round nose bridge, slightly prominent cheeks, and snow-white skin were not only attractive but beautiful. And above all, clothes!
Wearing black clothes, a white frilly apron, and a mobcap, she looked like a maid.
Evelyn, the ‘maid’, is the most attractive and loveliest-looking character in the world.
Undisputed number one in appearance voting! The character that received the most fan art!
However! It was also an unfortunate character that none of the first and second game testers chose because her abilities were so bad.
Low stamina!
Low health points!
Low agility!
Low intelligence!
Her best stat was her charm!
This was the character who was ridiculed on community bulletin boards for pouring all their stats into their appearance.
Solo players always receive a 10-star character! This was clearly an error.
I looked around for the logout button to change characters again and come back in.
But where was it?
Ding!
[Begin the first quest.]
Ding!
[Begin the first quest.]
Ding! Ding! Ding!
“Oh gosh, this is crazy.”
The ringing didn't end and no matter how hard I tried to find the logout button, the only thing that appeared was a notification window telling me to start the quest. What kind of quest is this?!
How can things get this wrong from the start? The moment I had no choice but to close the notification window, my vision brightened and a small bee that was buzzing in front flew out and attacked my neck.
"Eek!"
The pain was too great to be called ‘tingling’. It was almost questionable whether it was a bee sting or not.
At the same time, the vision turned red and a status window appeared, accompanied by a very dangerous and very fast-tempo BGM.
[You have been attacked and your health has decreased. Please quickly move to a safe space and rest.]
The surrounding area turned red and brightened repeatedly as if warning of danger.
"What is this… Ugh!”
I squeezed my neck in pain and leaned against the wall. It felt like a large giant needle had been inserted into my neck, not a bee sting.
Is it really that painful to be stung by a bee the size of a fly?
And why do I feel pain inside of a game?
  

The health bar flickered and continued to drop.
  

Oh, this is ridiculous.
Compared to other characters whose vitality values ​​range from an average of 500 to a whopping 1000 at 10 stars, the maid Evelyn had a significantly lower value of 100.
The health bar was decreasing like a sports car with broken brakes driving on the autobahn.
After not being able to take a few steps, my helpless vitality eventually reached 0 and it was GAME OVER.
Along with the depressing and sad BGM, my entire vision turned dark gray.
I opened my eyes to a view of the sky.
“……”
That means I was dead.
Ding!
[You received an old broom. Begin the first quest.]
But there was no time to be shocked because there was no end button! The moment I closed my eyes, I returned to the first scene of the game.
The same scene started again and soon after, a bee buzzed around me when I opened my eyes.
This time, I tried hard to avoid it and ran away, but the moment I tried to get far away, I failed again because I couldn't move as if I was blocked by a transparent wall.
Ding!
[You received an old broom. Begin the first quest.]
F*ck, why are you doing this to me?
I opened my eyes again on the spot, and the bee was coming to me again.
“……”
Remembering the pain from earlier, I grabbed my neck, took a step back, and forced my head to dodge the bee.
The quit button isn’t appearing, and if I don't proceed with the quest, I'll have to stay here for the rest of my life, avoiding that bee.
There are three methods I came up with:
First, someone can take me out by shutting down the program or server.
Second, complete the final quest to kill the final boss of the world and leave achievements to enter the Hall of Fame and leave.
Third, adapt to the cruel loop of constantly dying and coming back to life.
“Huu, okay.”
Third, I don't want to die.
We have to survive first, so let's catch that bee first and escape from this poor body that boasts about being the weakest character of the world.
Let’s do it in one go.
I grabbed the broom handle and took an attack stance. I concentrated all my attention and struck down the bee that had killed me earlier with a percussive blow.
Meanwhile, my palms were tingling from the vibration of the broom that hit the bee.
[You have arrived at the first stage.]
Bbabam!
[Congratulations! You have completed your first quest. You received (2) gold as a reward.]
Bbabam!
[Congratulations! You have completed the first bonus quest by catching the Glowing Flower Bee. ▶Continued]
Except for the quest notification window, the surrounding area was blocked by gray light, and the buttons kept flickering.
“What is a Shining Flower Bee? …Was it a quest?”
Even though I was puzzled, I took the 2 gold put it in my pocket and pressed the ▶Continue button.
[Hidden Quest (1) was provided as a reward for completing the bonus quest.]
[Would you like to accept the hidden quest? Reward: Skill ▶Accept/Reject]
“You’re giving me skills? Then of course yes!”
As soon as I clicked ▶Accept, the quest was added and the surroundings returned to normal.
However……
An illustration of Leonian, one of the strongest 10-star characters in this game's worldview, the male protagonist in the scenario, and who captured the hearts of female gamers with his appearance, kissing Evelyn, appeared in the center.
"What the…… What’s this?"